hey guys welcome to the racing scene I'm
reading I'm a samurai cincy we're doing
a mini episode on the hub centric rinse
and hop centric spaces
but today in this mini episode we're
going to put on some hub centric rings
so our wheels are centered on their
heart
so as you can see it goes around the hub
Center it fits in to the ring already on
the hub and extend sort of makes it
larger to fit the diameter of the inside
of the rim where it meets the hub
bad guys and there's some reasons you
should run hub centric rings on
aftermarket rims
so basically aftermarket rims have a
much larger center bore than you the
typical hub size this is so they
correlate all various makes and models
which have different size homes now what
a hub centric ring does is it fills the
gap between the hub and center bore of
the rim so basically when you install
the wheel that's guaranteed to be a
hundred percent spot on yeah and so that
gets speed wobbles which can cause to
hub damage you know and rim buckling
that sort of thing so just make sure
when you when you put the rim on every
single time it's centered on the hub so
it can't be unbalanced or anything like
that
there's other things that come with hub
centric rings so your spacers you can
get them with hub centric rings as well
pretty much anything that goes on your
hub it's important for it to be hub
centric so when it goes on it doesn't
wobble or anything like that
I was your course damage to your car so
if you're buying aftermarket parts for
your hubs get some hub center brings as
well that's it from the racing seat I'm
rest I'm at see you next time self